Introduce a `Uri.empty` constant (#798)
gleam-lang/stdlib: CHANGELOG.md

- Fixed a bug that would result in `list.unique` having quadratic runtime.
- Fixed the implementation of `list.key_set` to be tail recursive.
- The `pop` and `pop_map` functions in the `list` module have been deprecated.

> - Added `Uri.empty` constant representing an empty URI, equivalent to `""`.

Reviewer: Syntax error here! And this isn't the convention used in this repo.
```suggestion
- The `uri` module gains the `empty` value, representing an empty URI which 
  equivalent to `""`.
```
